Things are looking different in 2021. The Firefox Android browser is designed to bring you a more modern and calmer web experience on-the-go. Download Now.

When it comes to your life online, you have a choice: accept the factory settings or put your privacy first. When you choose Firefox as your default browser, you’re choosing to protect your data while supporting an independent tech company. Firefox is also the only major browser backed by a non-profit fighting to give you more openness, transparency and control of your life online. Join hundreds of millions of people who choose to protect what's important by choosing Firefox - a web browser designed to be fast, easy to use, customizable and private.

TL;DR
- You can choose whatever default browser you want. Maybe think about using the only super-fast, ultra-private browser that’s backed by a non-profit? No pressure though.
- Our secret sauce for Android. They’re called Firefox Add-ons and they’re like these magical power-ups you can add to your Firefox browser to make it even better.
- Let's make it easy for you. Go from laptop to phone and back without skipping a beat. Plus it's only one tap to Private Browsing Mode.

FAST. PRIVATE. SAFE.
Firefox browser gives you effortless privacy protection with lighting-fast page loads. Enhanced Tracking Protection automatically blocks over 2000 known online trackers from invading your privacy and slowing down your pages. Firefox browser also introduces a clean new design that makes it easier to get more things done, more quickly. Plus, with smart browsing features built in, Firefox lets you take your privacy, passwords, and bookmarks with you safely wherever you go.

ONE TAP TO PRIVATE MODE
Now you can get to Private Browsing Mode with just one tap. And when you close Private Browsing Mode, your browsing history gets automatically erased from your device.

CUSTOMIZE THE WAY YOU WANT TO SEARCH
Keep the search bar up top. Or move it to the bottom. Firefox browser not only lets you choose how you search but also how much of your personal data to share. Customizable Enhanced Tracking Protection settings put you in the driver’s seat with your data. You also have your choice of search engines, and the ability to make Firefox your default browser.

GO DARK MODE
Easily switch to Dark Mode anytime to give your eyes and your battery a break.

COLLECTIONS
Open as many tabs as you like and organize them into Collections to stay on task. Collections can also be shared across devices so you get more done no matter where you are or what device you’re using.

GET ADD-ONS
Full support for the most popular add-ons, including ways to turbo-charge powerful default privacy settings and customize your experience.

PICK UP RIGHT WHERE YOU LEFT OFF
Start using Firefox on your phone then switch to the Firefox browser on your laptop. With Firefox across your devices you can take your bookmarks, saved logins and browsing history wherever you go. Firefox browser also takes the guesswork out of passwords by remembering your passwords across devices.

FIREFOX WEB BROWSER SEARCH WIDGET
No need to open the app. Search the web directly from your device’s home screen. Add the Firefox browser search widget and get instant results without the extra taps.

PICTURE IN PICTURE MODE
Stream and pop videos out and play them in the background while you do other things on your phone. It’s entertainment and multitasking, together on the same screen.

Learn more about Firefox:
- Read about permissions: https://mzl.la/Permissions
- Follow us on Twitter: https://mzl.la/FXTwitter

About Mozilla
Mozilla exists to build the Internet as a public resource accessible to all because we believe open and free is better than closed and controlled. We build products like Firefox to promote choice and transparency and give people more control over their lives online. Learn more: https://www.mozilla.org